Due to the update of `libudev0` and its associated library `libudev.so.0` to `libudev1`, node-webkit isn't able to run on older distributions such as:

 * Ubuntu 12.10
 * Fedora 17
 * Derivatives of the above

...and possibly others. Until your distribution is updated to the current `libudev.so.1`, the following solutions *should* provide a stopgap measure for packaging your applications.

**1. Create a local symlink to `libudev.so.0`**

Install `libudev0` if needed. Now create a local symlink to `libudev.so.0`. On Ubuntu for example, run from the directory where nw files are extracted:

``` bash
# ln -s /lib/$(arch)-linux-gnu/libudev.so.0 ./libudev.so.1
```

Then create a shell script to run nw:

``` bash
#!/bin/sh
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/home/omi/nw:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH ./nw $*
```

As you are only modifying local contents of node-webkit directory, this option should not have an impact on the overall stability of your system.

**2. Use a wrapper shell script for your application.**
In this method, we rename the binary executable file as `myapp-bin`, and then create a shell script named `myapp` as the following. Users will then run the `myapp` file to launch your application.

```bash
#!/bin/bash
MYAPP_WRAPPER="`readlink -f "$0"`"
HERE="`dirname "$MYAPP_WRAPPER"`"

# Always use our versions of ffmpeg libs.
# This also makes RPMs find our library symlinks.
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$([ -n "$LD_LIBRARY_PATH" ] && echo "$HERE:$HERE/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH" || echo "$HERE:$HERE/lib")

exec -a "$0" "$HERE/myapp-bin"  "$@"
```
**Creating a symlink for your package in the postinstall script**

In the postinstall script of your DEB or RPM package, run the following script to create a local symlink. Use this together with the previous wrapper script.
```bash
#!/bin/bash
paths=(
  "/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libudev.so.0" # Ubuntu, Xubuntu, Mint
  "/usr/lib64/libudev.so.0" # SUSE, Fedora
  "/usr/lib/libudev.so.0" # Arch, Fedora 32bit
  "/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libudev.so.0" # Ubuntu 32bit
)
for i in "${paths[@]}"
do
  if [ -f $i ]
  then
    ln -sf "$i" /opt/myapp/libudev.so.1
    break
  fi
done
```
