## v0.3.2-release-note

In v0.3.2, there're four major changes:
* Fix of message loop integration on Mac, which should have solved performance problem for cases that need heavy data transfer in node.
* Fix of native modules support on Windows [1]: users should build native modules with `nw-gyp`, which is a hack on `node-gyp`
* The ability to handle files and arguments [2], which would be necessary for apps like IDEs and text editors. 
* Implementation of window menu [3], with the window menu API you can create native window menus on all platforms using javascript.

[1] https://github.com/rogerwang/node-webkit/wiki/Build-native-modules-with-nw-gyp

[2] https://github.com/rogerwang/node-webkit/wiki/Handling-files-and-arguments

[3] https://github.com/rogerwang/node-webkit/wiki/Window-menu

Changelog:

Node
* Update to 0.8.14.

Devtools
* Fix crash under fullscreen mode.
* Click on devtools button will reuse previous devtools window.

API
* Implement window menu API.
* Add support for command line arguments.
* Add support for file handling.
* Add App.closeAllWindows() API.

Core
* Make patented codecs work when users have license and privode their custom built libffmpeg.

Mac
* Better message loop integration, fix performance issues.
* Use app's name in application menu items.
* Send "close" event to windows when use Cmd+Q to quit.

Windows
* Force to use native window frame even when Aero effect is off.
* Hide console window when creating console processes.
* Fix native module support by linking with nw.lib rather than node.lib